Some guts
Young Master Qín
I won’t dare again
Please spare me
Relax
I’m a
Very kind person
I don’t kill people
But
I have one thing
I need Vice President Wáng’s help with
Would you be willing?
Willing
Even if you told me to be a dog
I’d be willing
Hahaha
Our Qín Shì
Has an underground club
Specially for
Serving guests
With special tastes
Since you like
Touching others’ butts
I’ll send you there
Let them study
Your butt
Young Master Qín, please don’t
Young Master Qín
Of course
There’s a second option
I choose the second, I choose the second
This is
A pure gold dog chain
Since Vice President Wáng
Wants to be a dog so badly
Then come to Qín Shì Group
Be an obedient dog
Listen well